Deploy Cognito instead of TEA (#2300)
nasa/cumulus: example/README.md

This will deploy your data-migration resources.

## Choosing a distribution API

The steps below assume you will be using the [Cumulus Distribution API](./cumulus-tf/cumulus_distribution.tf). If you would prefer

> to use the Thin Egress App (TEA), uncomment the TEA-specific resources in the "cumulus" module in [example/cumulus-tf/main.tf](./cumulus-tf/main.tf).

Reviewer: If you prefer to use TEA and not the cumulus distribution API, you also have to disable it, correct?

Author: You definitely could. My thinking was that, because TEA was the default, if you should choose to deploy TEA instead we'd still deploy the `cumulus_distribution` module but we just wouldn't use it. I guess I was thinking that way because we have integration tests looking for the Cumulus Distribution module and not TEA so your deployment of TEA seemed more likely to be temporary. That only applies to CI deployments from `example` though, you could be deploying using TEA for other testing purposes and then you'd have a useless Cumulus Distribution module taking up space.

🤔 maybe you're right and just a note here to comment it would suffice and cover both bases.

Reviewer: You at least need to change the language to clarify that uncommenting TEA will end up deploying both, not one or the other. And you're not really "choosing a distribution API" at that point but just enabling TEA.

Author: 👍  See what you think of this: https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/pull/2300/commits/dddcc836c7c312f8110060951d759c40b996a92f

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to use the Thin Egress App (TEA), uncomment the TEA-specific variables in the "cumulus" module in [example/cumulus-tf/main.tf](./cumulus-tf/main.tf).
```

Reviewer: Looks good! Just one minor nit

Author: Ah yeah, a `resource` is a thing in Terraform. Good call.

This will deploy your data-migration resources.

## Enable a distribution API

The steps below assume you will be using the [Cumulus Distribution API](./cumulus-tf/cumulus_distribution.tf) and no additional changes are required unless you want to use the Thin Egress App instead. If you would prefer
to use the Thin Egress App (TEA), uncomment the TEA-specific variables in the "cumulus" module in [example/cumulus-tf/main.tf](./cumulus-tf/main.tf).

> **Note:** If you choose to deploy TEA by making the above change in [example/cumulus-tf/main.tf](./cumulus-tf/main.tf), both TEA and the Cumulus Distribution API
> will be deployed but only TEA will be enabled for use. If you wish to use TEA and don't want to deploy both, comment or delete the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Both TEA and the Cumulus Distribution API are deployed by default but if you make the above change in [example/cumulus-tf/main.tf](./cumulus-tf/main.tf), only TEA will be enabled for use. If you wish to use TEA and don't want to deploy both, comment or delete the following:
```

Nitpicking, but this clarified it for me. The key is that you're not deploying TEA when making the above change because it is still deployed by default, you're just making it functional

This will deploy your data-migration resources.

> ## Choosing a distribution API

Reviewer: Who are these instructions for specifically? Are these intended to be user facing?

Reviewer: If so, I think we should be writing a general upgrade note document (e.g. https://nasa.github.io/cumulus/docs/upgrade-notes/migrate_tea_standalone) about using new Cumulus distribution and how to remove TEA. I don't think we should generally be putting any user facing document in our `example` folder versus the public docs for discoverability.

Author: This was only meant for developers deploying from example for CI/testing/etc. There will be user-facing docs that will call out instructions for adapting the template deploy. We'll also note the downtime a switch will cause.

I wanted to get the approach here hammered out first to know what to say there but I'll update that PR as well once we're set.
